BABY MEOW ($BABO) — First Trading Based NFT Games & NFT Marketplace

Baby-Meow is a Decentralized Ledger Technology. Its primary objective is to be a means of payment within the interactive entertainment industry.

Baby Meow NFTs

A brief Introduction

Baby Meow is one of the first protocol that brings trading based NFT game and NFTs marketplace on the BSC.

It has both main features of typical RFI forks, which are auto-burns to locked liquidity and auto-staking mechanism. $BABO is a Hyper-deflationary with an integrated smart staking system built in to reward you, so more Baby Meow coins are being automatically added to your wallet each transaction. Simply Love and watch your baby meow grow.

Why to invest in Baby Meow?

Reward distribution

3% of each transaction is distributed amongst $BABO holders. This increases the incentive to hold the tokens in the wallets. When nobody is selling, the price could moon rocket. WallStreetBets won the fight against hedge funds. Just by buying and holding, as the key to success. Every single Baby Meow holder has an incentive to spread the use of BABO as much as possible. As more transactions take place in the network, the net-worth of every individual increases as well.

Food to Baby Meow

8% of all $BABO transactions is put back into our Food Vault, which is locked inside of PancakeSwap LP, feeding our Cute Baby Meow. Auto-liquidity will ensure high and stable fuel levels.

Feed Mumma Meow

2% of all $BABO transactions is will be burned forever to feed Mumma Meow. So we get our total supply reduced on Every transaction.

BABY MEOW NFTs

Baby meow NFTs will come in many forms from Meows and avatars. Each NFT will come with special features and enables cross-platform utilization. You will be able to use those NFTs in our Trading game and earn Extra Rewards for them. Each NFT will have his own features.

NFT Marketplace

With the DeFi explosion all at the rage, the NFTs are the next imminent holy grail to dive in. Long story short, we are here to redefine NFT Marketplaces.

For any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us via the following channels:

Telegram: https://t.me/Babymeowglobal

Twitter: https://twitter.com/BabyMeow_Babo

Website: https://Baby-Meow.Net/
